Add Bazel Test Optimization setup docs (#37551)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tests/setup/go.md

- `testing` package

> If you run Go tests with Bazel, use Datadog's official [Bazel rules for Go tests][bazel-go].

Reviewer: I think it's worth putting this in a callout, so it's harder to miss!

```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">If you use Bazel to run Go tests, use the Datadog <a href="/tests/setup/bazel/go/">Bazel rules for Go tests</a>.</div>
```

```

[1]: https://github.com/datadog/orchestrion

> [bazel-go]: /tests/setup/bazel/go/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
